When we hit the add to cart button, what we want to do is to save our shopping cart to database in
order to save our shopping cart with a database, it required the product details like product I.D.
then give it a quiet account.
And on top of that, we need to somehow figure out what is the user that is adding to a shopping cart.
So next time, when that user comes to view everything on the page, we can load the shopping cart again
for them.
Now that sounds perfect, but if you notice we have no way of knowing what is the current user in our
website.
Typically, in a website that is registration log in and all those functionalities to track the user
details that has logged in.
But we do not have any of those things implemented.
And in order to implement all of that from scratch, that can be a big project by itself to get started
with identity related items.
Microsoft has a built in helper witness identity glass library.
We can use them, and with that, we will get all the default functionalities plus more implemented
using razor pages.
Previously, identity was also available as an MVC project, but with the new changes, Microsoft had
opted to use only razor pages.
So that was the reason I had a small project with razor pages in the beginning of the course because
I wanted you guys to understand how page handler and pages work and face their pages because we will
have to work with Identity Class Library, which is a racer class library.
But the main question is how can we add that racial class library in our project?
Let me close all the gaps that are open here and go Solution Explorer.
Everything is working as expected right now in order to scaffold identity, whether it have to do a
few steps in that application.
Right now, a scaffolding has some issues, but I believe they should be resolved pretty soon inside
of that project.
That's why I click here within select AD and we have new scaffolded item.
We use this option to scaffold the MVC area, but if you hover on the left side, here we have identity.
We want the scaffold identity in our project.
You can see it at code required for using ASP dot net core identity in the application.
So let's hit that button, and we will have to configure some options.
When you add identity to any application, like log in registration functionality, then you need to
create those database tables as well.
This identity class library will create those tables for us and configure everything.
So right now, the options that it is giving us is do you want to select a new layout page for identity?
We do not.
We want to use the existing layout.
So we will keep that as empty in the list here.
We have all the files that are available inside the identity.
You can see we have log in page, log out page.
We have registered page reset password and much more.
If you want, you can override all of these files and then in your project you will be able to see all
of those great features.
But the main thing here is data context glass.
Since we need to work with database to register logging and all the features, we need to access the
deep context.
If you click on the dropdown here, we do not see our deep context that was added.
We do not want to create a new deep context because we already have a deep context inside the data access,
which is application deep context.
Now, why is this not available in the dropdown option?
The reason behind that is it is implementing the deep context if you want that to be available in the
dropdown.
This will have to implement the identity deep context.
This is the deep context that is needed for Identity Class Library.
So if you press control that we do not see the option to install a new package.
So let's go that data access, manage packages and the package that we are looking for is Microsoft.
That has been at dark identity.
That entity framework for so will select the version here and let's install that.
Once that is installed, we can go back to the application context and the free press control attack.
Now we have the using statement, once you add.
Let's build our project and everything should work perfect with that change.
Let's try to scaffold the identity.
We will override all the files.
Now we have application DP context that is available as that data context.
With that, if they hit the ad button, you will see some added messages.
Let me show it that.
This should have been perfect right now, but there are some bugs which Microsoft is fixing to scaffold.
Right now we see an edit here, which is the following package is not installed, but that is incorrect.
If we go to our project here and if they examined dependences packages, you'll see that packages already
installed.
So what we have to do is we actually have to scaffold that one more time.
The package is already installed.
So let's override our science selectively by context and hit the ad button this time, we'll see a different
error message with bootstrap.
If you do not see that error message, then that's great news.
Microsoft has fixed that issue.
But if you do see that, then I've been showing you how to fix that.
Great, you can see the specified bootstrap version is not valid for valid options are three, four
and five.
This is a little bit weird because we are not using the default bootstrap that is provided inside the
W W W Root folder.
We have lib and bootstrap.
Since we are not using this, we can just remove this perfect.
And now if you build the application, you will see some error message.
That's because the scaffolding is not perfect right now, so that would have to go to program classes
and it tries to add new entry in the deep context.
That is not needed because we don't really have a deep context or application deep context.
So that may remove that.
And let's build our project.
Compared to a successful after the small change, if you try to scaffold again, this time it should
work.
I know that is weird.
It should have been a seamless process.
But I have a feeling in future this will be fixed and updated.
So let's do that one more time.
And I believe there shouldn't be any more added messages.
Once the scaffolding is done, we will have a new area created inside our AIDS folder.
And perfect.
Great news.
The support for darknet core identity was added to that project, but once it had the identity, it
will again and the connection string, which is super weird right now.
So make sure to remove that again or else you will see the error message.
Let's build our project and it should work.
So perfect.
That is great news.
So let's take a look at what got added when we scaffolded identity in the next video.